Address #2369: Add & update install instructions , inc. VC14 redist (#3122)
microsoft/terminal: README.md

# Welcome

This repository contains the source code & documentation for:

* [Windows Terminal](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/windows-terminal-preview/9n0dx20hk701)
* The Windows console host (`conhost.exe`)
* Components shared between the two projects
* [ColorTool](https://github.com/Microsoft/Terminal/tree/master/src/tools/ColorTool)
* [Sample projects](https://github.com/Microsoft/Terminal/tree/master/samples) that show how to consume the Windows Console APIs

Other related repositories include:

* [Console API Documentation](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/Console-Docs)

## Installing & running Windows Terminal

### Operating System Support

Windows Terminal can be installed on Windows 10 1903 (build 18362) or later.

### Install via the Microsoft Store

> We recommend downloading the Windows Terminal from the Microsoft Store and automatically receive upgrades when we release new builds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend downloading the Windows Terminal from the Microsoft Store so it will automatically receive upgrades when we release new builds:
```

# Welcome

This repository contains the source code & documentation for:

* [Windows Terminal](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/windows-terminal-preview/9n0dx20hk701)
* The Windows console host (`conhost.exe`)
* Components shared between the two projects
* [ColorTool](https://github.com/Microsoft/Terminal/tree/master/src/tools/ColorTool)
* [Sample projects](https://github.com/Microsoft/Terminal/tree/master/samples) that show how to consume the Windows Console APIs

Other related repositories include:

* [Console API Documentation](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/Console-Docs)

## Installing & running Windows Terminal

### Operating System Support

Windows Terminal can be installed on:

* Windows 10 1903 (build 18362) or later

> * [Windows Server 1903](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/get-started-19/whats-new-in-windows-server-1903) or later (install manually - see "From this repository" below)

Reviewer 2: Is this correct? Windows Server semi-annual channel releases like 1903 cannot be installed with the full desktop GUI, only as Server Core - which is basically only enough to run Notepad, Task Manager, the original console window, and Server Manager. Hence, I'd be surprised if they run any graphical applications of even moderate complexity, including classic desktop apps that use UWP APIs like Terminal.

Author: Good catch. Thanks. fixing

### Install via the Microsoft Store

> On Windows 10, we recommend downloading the Windows Terminal from the Microsoft Store and it'll be continuously updated:

Reviewer: the grammar here still needs some assistance. Now that it's not a call-to-action ("Download it free!"), the following "and it'll be continuously updated:" is incorrect.

Author: Improved the wording. Thanks.

<a href='//www.microsoft.com/store/apps/9n0dx20hk701?cid=storebadge&ocid=badge'><img src='https://assets.windowsphone.com/85864462-9c82-451e-9355-a3d5f874397a/English_get-it-from-MS_InvariantCulture_Default.png' alt='English badge' width="284" height="104" style='width: 284px; height: 104px;'/></a>

### Manually install builds from this repository

> For users who're unable to install Terminal from the Microsoft Store (e.g. on [Windows Server 1903](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/get-started-19/whats-new-in-windows-server-1903) or later), Terminal builds can be manually downloaded from [this repo's Releases page](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For users who are unable to install Terminal from the Microsoft Store (e.g. on [Windows Server 1903](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/get-started-19/whats-new-in-windows-server-1903) or later), Terminal builds can be manually downloaded from this repository's [Releases page](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/releases).
```

> ⚠ Note:

> > 1. If you install Terminal manually, be sure to install [the Desktop Bridge VC++ v14 Redist Package](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=53175) otherwise Terminal may not install and/or run and may crash at startup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 1. If you install Terminal manually, be sure to install [the Desktop Bridge VC++ v14 Redistributable Package](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=53175) otherwise Terminal may not install and/or run and may crash at startup
```

> > 1. If you install Terminal manually, be sure to install [the Desktop Bridge VC++ v14 Redistributable Package](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=53175) otherwise Terminal may not install and/or run and may crash at startup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 1. If you install Terminal manually, be sure to install the [Desktop Bridge VC++ v14 Redistributable Package](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=53175) otherwise Terminal may not install and/or run and may crash at startup
```

> > 1. If you manually install Terminal from [releases](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/releases) they won't auto-update so be sure to regularly install the latest Terminal release to receive all the latest fixes and improvements!

Reviewer: very soon, they'll _also_ need to install the Microsoft.UI.Xaml _appx_, because we're removing it from our package.

Author: Will sync a future update to the docs with the release containing this change

> > 1. If you manually install Terminal from [releases](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/releases) they won't auto-update so be sure to regularly install the latest Terminal release to receive all the latest fixes and improvements!

Reviewer: Suggest deduplication of "If you manually install" from both bullet points. Also, unordered list. Maybe like this:

```markdown
> ⚠ Notes about manual installation
> * Make sure you install the [Desktop Bridge Redistributable]; without this, Terminal may not run!
> * You will not receive automatic updates from the store.
```

> ### Install via Chocolatey (unofficial)

Reviewer: we already talked about and agreed on these subheadings being completions to the main header, "Installing & running Windows Terminal". On a previous code review of yours. :smile:

Author: We did, but some of the sections are now substantially bigger and "Further away" from the upper level heading, so reader may lose context.

## FAQ

## I built and ran the new Terminal, but I just get a blank window

Cause: Your locally built Terminal does not match the architecture of your computer.

Solution: Set Visual Studio's "Solution Platform" to match your computer's architecture, then build and run the CascadiaPackage solution.

![Visual Studio's Solution Platform](/doc/images/solution-platform.png)

> > 👉 Tip: To check your computer's architecture, open Windows 10's Settings app and go to System -> About (or Win+X -> System) and under `Device specifications` check for the  `System type`.

Reviewer: This entire section has been replaced with a message box that appears during startup if you run the wrong architecture. You can remove it!

Author: Thanks. Done.

## I built and ran the new Terminal, but it looks just like the old console
Cause: You're launching the incorrect solution in Visual Studio.

Solution: Make sure you're building & deploying `CascadiaPackage` in Visual Studio, _NOT_ `Host.EXE`.

> > Note: `OpenConsole.exe` is just a locally-built `conhost.exe`, the classic Windows Console that hosts Windows' command-line infrastructure. It is used by Windows Terminal to connect-to and communicate-with command-line applications (via [ConPty](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/commandline/windows-command-line-introducing-the-windows-pseudo-console-conpty/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠ Note: `OpenConsole.exe` is just a locally-built `conhost.exe`, the classic Windows Console that hosts Windows' command-line infrastructure. It is used by Windows Terminal to connect to and communicate with command-line applications (via [ConPty](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/commandline/windows-command-line-introducing-the-windows-pseudo-console-conpty/)).
```

I removed some hyphens and added a ⚠

## I tried running WindowsTerminal.exe and it crashes

> Cause 1: You tried to launch "Windows Terminal" solution which will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cause 1: You tried to launch the "WindowsTerminal" project outside of its package.
```

Solution 1: Build & deploy `CascadiaPackage` from Visual Studio, and run the Windows Terminal (Dev Build) app.

> Cause 2: You're running an earlier build of Windows 10 than version 1903

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cause 2: You're running an build of Windows 10 earlier than version 1903
```

## I built and ran the new Terminal, but I just get a blank window app!

> Make sure you are building for your computer's architecture. If your box has a 64-bit Windows, change your Solution Platform to x64.

Reviewer: while you're changing this line, make the grammar more good.

Author: Done. Please re-check FAQ section. Improved it some more too.
